feat(manager/helmv3): add postUpdateOption to update subchart archives (#18162)
renovatebot/renovate: lib/modules/manager/helmv3/readme.md

  ],
}
```

> ### SubChart archives

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Subchart archives
```

The helm docs call it `subchart` or `subcharts` [^helm]. So let's use their terms in our docs. 😉 

[^helm]: https://helm.sh/docs/chart_template_guide/subcharts_and_globals/

> To get updates for subchart archives put `helmUpdateSubChartArchives` in your `postUpdateOption` configuration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To get updates for subchart archives put `helmUpdateSubChartArchives` in your `postUpdateOptions` configuration.
```

Fixing a typo in the config option name.

> If updates to sub chart archives are desired, a `postUpdateOption` named `helmUpdateSubChartArchives` can be used.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To get updates for subchart archives put `helmUpdateSubChartArchives` in your `postUpdateOption` configuration.
```

> After enabling this option archives located in the `/chart` folder are managed by Renovate.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Renovate now updates archives in the `/chart` folder.
```

> ```json5

Reviewer 2: please use normal JSON style

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```json
```
